Before I started working on this project, I did not consider developing the "Create Account" feature.
While developing, I realized it would be nice for users to be able to store multiple resume drafts
and view/edit/delete the drafts as they wished. Throughout development, I felt like maybe I had set my
ambitions too high because I had to focus on the "Create Account" feature before the resume building feature.

I worked on most the frontend myself. Basically all of index.html and index.js was created by me.
In retrospect, I realize how developing is a whole lot of copy and paste, at least website development it seems.
Although, I think a good amount of the code I have written could be considerably more efficient with functions.
For example, showing and hiding pages on my website could easily be a function. Most of the API requests are
very similar, at least the resume form steps, and could be created as a function. Specifically in my API requests, 
my try-catch code blocks are all practically the same, and a function could take a few parameters to achieve the same goal
for each request.

I wrote most the frontend myself because I honestly wanted to try to develop without using Codex.
Like I mentioned, I realized I was doing a lot of copying and pasting, so once I needed to create
the API routes, I decided to use Codex. I also did want to practice using Codex with AGENTS.md like how
developers are using it in the industry. I used the AGENTS.md from class and edited slightly, but I
think I could've created a more in-depth AGENTS.md specific to my project. 
I want to practice using Codex more and learn how to finetune my AGENTS.md and prompts to use AI more efficiently.

I think that my id names for my resume steps should be changed to match the page it corresponds to.
For example, divSeventhStep is not descriptive and confusing when going back and forth between the html and js files.

Furthermore, there are many features I still plan to implement. Right now, my website only displays the completed resume draft.
Features I want to add:
    - Separation of the sign-up email and the resume email: I want users to be able to change the email on their resume
    without it needing to match their account's email used for signing in
    - View All Resume Drafts: Users who already have an account should be able to view their completed resumes. I want
    this implemented as a navigation link. I want this page loaded as soon as the user logs in with a button at the bottom
    for creating a new resume.
    - Preview/Edit/Delete Resume Drafts: I want users to be able to view/edit/delete each resume saved to their account
    - Edit resume: I want AI to give feedback to the user on how to make their resume better
    - Loading resume: I want a "loading resume" Swal.fire popup while AI works on creating the resume rather than
    the user seeing a blank resume form while the resume hasn't been processed/loaded onto the website
    - Resume Templates: User should be able to select the style of resume template they want their resume to look like
    - Resume Creation: I want the created resume to be visually nicer.

I'm not sure if I like how I implemented the resume form with the multiple pages. I think it works well, but
the form could request more information/resume data to help spoof up the resume.

One thing I realized is that when I would think of a new feature to implement, there would be a couple more features
that "piggyback" off the original feature. In a way it's awesome because I get to consider all the ways I can make my
application better, but it can also be overwhelming having so many possibile features I want to implement.

Finally, I definitely wished I spent more time during the planning phase, but it's also difficult to know what to expect
when you've never developed something like this before. I really enjoyed working on this project although I did not
completly finish it. It definetly gave me more confidence in my abilities and using Codex. After creating code using
Codex, I did not look forward to looking over it necessarily, but I obviously had to. I realized while looking over the
code that it wasn't hard to understand, and that most of it was just pattern recognition. I also was able to see everything
from class fully connect like using PostMan to test API requests. Since I added the "Create Account" feature, I didn't want
to have to test my API requests by going through every step in my resume builder.
